Welcome back to the Yahowah blog.
For those of you who may be interested
and notice that we're currently meandering
back and forth between our rainbow studio
downstairs and now our library studio up
here on the pool deck.
It's because the weather has been quite
frightful outside here in the Caribbean
and our ocean studio would be a bit
problematic until the
the storminess dies a bit down.
We're happy to have the blustery
conditions and the rain,
which often accompanies it because,
you know,
we live on an island and our water
is what falls on our roof.
And, you know,
our electricity is what hits our solar
panels.
You know,
we are very self-sufficient in this kind
of an environment.
And so we we've become
fans of the weather,
but that is what's causing us not to
go back outside currently into the Ocean
Studio.
Here in our library studio,
we were continuing the story of the last
Mashal, the last word picture,
and even though we have finished our
presentation of
Mashal, which is a proverb, thirty-one.
It directed our attention to what had
caused the intervention,
because it is the story of a surrogate
mother visiting with her son,
and her son is the son of God,
the Messiah and King, David.
It led us to the injury that he
had perpetrated on himself and others that
required that intervention,
and that was found in
In Second Samuel, eleven and twelve,
and we were at the last statement that
we're going to review in this regard in
the twelfth chapter before we move on to
one of the most painful songs ever
written.
Well, I am a.
celebrant of the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
I consider it to be the greatest song
ever written.
I'm here to tell you that the fifty-first
may be the worst.
And it reflects Dowd's mindset at the
time.
And I think it's essential that we share
it so that you know how bad this
situation had become.
And it is with great
respect for our king because he did get
his act together.
He recovered.
He served as the Passover lamb in
thirty-three CE.
He carried our guilt into Sheowl,
deposited there never to be seen again.
He is the greatest person who has ever
lived, but he was far from perfect.
And, you know,
that is really part of the message of
this story.
There are two things.
Actually,
there's many things that over the last
twenty four and a half years that my
wife and I have been able to deduce
that no one had seen previously.
And among them is that Dowd served as
the Passover lamb in thirty three CE.
And he made it abundantly clear that that
was going to be the case.
And we will find it reinforced throughout
the hundred and sixteenth Mizmowr,
which we will review after the fifty
first.
That is, I think,
the greatest discovery in human history,
pursuant to God,
because it negates the three Abrahamic
religions,
the religions of almost six billion people
today.
proving that they are entirely wrong and
it demonstrates that our Savior,
the Messiah, the Chosen One,
the very Son of God is David.
And it is profoundly important relative to
our standing with God and to his people's
standing, Israel's standing with God.
But this other thing is quite recently,
we have learned that God has no interest
in perfection.
So when somebody is saying that you have
to be a perfect Passover lamb,
that's utter nonsense.
It's the word that is one of the
most frequently misrepresented in the
whole of the Towrah prophets and Psalms.
Tamym doesn't mean perfect.
It means to complete the job,
to do what needs to be done to
finish the mission that you have been
assigned.
And Dowd did that.
recovered in his relationship with Yahowah
and then proceeded to fulfill the single
most important mission ever afforded any
of us,
and that is the fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in year four thousand YAH,
making him the ideal candidate to do these
very things because he did what needed to
be done.
And so it is
recognizing this and also recognizing that
even as we went through Second Samuel,
eleven and twelve,
and consider that horrible letter that
Thaddeus not only wrote,
but made the man he intended to
assassinate carry all for the lust of a
woman.
Even though we read it because we needed
to deal with it,
we never run from anything in the Towrah,
Prophets and Psalms.
God clearly detailed it and shared it
graphically for our understanding.
We also understand that in context,
Dowd still remains the most extraordinary
of all men.
Prior to this time,
beginning at eight years of age and
concluding at fifty-six years of age,
And Dowd lived the most important forty
eight years that any human would ever
experience.
He was the man for the job.
He defended his people.
He wrote marvelous psalms and and he just
was an exemplar of everything that God was
striving to achieve with us.
The fact that he ultimately faltered is
amazing.
Well,
it's something we have to recognize and
deal with,
but who of us have lived forty-eight years
in the spotlight,
doing the most difficult job in the world,
representing Yahowah,
the most highly rejected and demeaned job
in the world, representing God?
And he did it for forty-eight years.
That's longer than anyone else.
That's eight years longer than Moshe.
In fact,
Moshe actually gave up in a year and
just went through the paces after that
time.
It's extraordinary what the man did,
and we need to keep this in context.
So Nathan replied to Dowd, Nevertheless,
Yahowah Abar.
will one day pass over your chata'ath,
guilt, through your purifying offering.
You will never die.
Samuel, listen to God too, Samuel, twelve,
thirteen.
If you pay attention with this being
stated by Yahowah regarding Dowd,
then you must acknowledge that there is no
credibility in Judaism, Christianity,
or Islam.
Christianity was the first of those three
religions to develop.
And if you read the book of Acts,
you have both Peter and Paul claiming that
Dowd was dead.
And because he was dead,
they felt at liberty to steal every
promise Yahowah made about him,
including his titles, son of God,
Messiah and King, even savior,
and give them to their construct,
their product of identity theft, Jesus.
But the very fact that it's acknowledged
here, you will never die.
means that they lied.
I know they lied and I make that
point every time we go downstairs to the
Rainbow Studio,
because using Paul's and Peter's own
words,
I rip them to shreds and prove that
there is nothing that they say that is
rational or true.
But here it's emphatic,
you will never die.
Now with Dowd continuing to live,
It means that he is the returning Messiah
and King, just as Yahowah said,
which means that there is no basis for
Judaism that claims that an unknown
Messiah will return to them when in fact
it's not.
And of course,
Christianity would not exist without
Judaism because the Quran's religiosity is
all a result of rabbis selling Muhammad
Talmud readings,
which he then twisted to suit his
situation and claimed that they were given
to him from Allah as opposed to the
rabbis.
You will never die.
It is the line that affirms that I'm
right.
that Dowd,
the one who returned in thirty-three CE,
year four thousand Yah, to fulfill Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
and that it was his soul that carried
our guilt into Sheowl,
only to return to the father in Shamaym,
and that it is Dowd who will return
to be our king in twenty-thirty-three.
As for Abar,
for those who do not know, Abar,
according to Yahowah,
as he introduced Passover to us, Pesach,
he told us that Abar was indeed the
verbal root of Passover.
It means to pass over.
And therefore,
Abar served to define Passover.
And Yahowah was saying, nevertheless,
Yahowah, Abar,
will pass over one day your chata'ath,
guilt,
through your purifying offering,
which again reaffirms that Dowd will
resolve his guilt and ours by fulfilling
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
All we really have to do is pay
attention to the words,
to listen to our God and respond
intelligently.
So yes,
I appreciate Yahowah pointing us to the
resolution and the restoration of the
relationship through a bar, which is,
I have mentioned, but want to underscore,
is the actionable route of Pesach,
Passover,
which is the first day of Chag Matsah.
Passover is the doorway to life.
So now...
All that need be accomplished is to get
our king back on his feet after having
fallen so precipitously so that he can
answer this call and serve as that door.
So there is another lesson that I want
to reinforce.
While Dowd had demonstrated that he was
not a perfect lamb by religious standards,
it should now be blatantly obvious that
Yahowah defines tamym differently than
do men.
You see,
just as we know that God was speaking
of fulfilling Pesach by interjecting abar
as its verbal root and then presenting it
as the answer to death, tamym,
the word so carelessly rendered perfect,
is an actionable route.
Its actionable route is tamam.
It has one as well.
We can deduce its meaning, like Pesach,
meaning to pass over,
by looking at its actionable route.
And it speaks of finishing,
not of being flawless,
of completing the mission.
It doesn't say anything about standing
idly by so as to never incur any
guilt.
It doesn't say anything to be a myth
that people can say, well,
my myth is perfect.
I created my myth just perfect.
No,
there's no such thing as a perfect man.
There's no such thing as a perfect animal.
Perfection is not even something God is
interested in because if we were perfect,
we would not be interesting.
If we were perfect, we could never grow.
We could never learn anything.
We could never experience anything new.
And we could never prove that if mistaken,
we could learn from our errors and grow
as a result.
And we could get up once fallen and
again demonstrate that God can depend upon
us.
So therefore,
Dowd became the Tamym lamb when he
re-engaged,
completing his calling by fulfilling Chag
Matsah.
When his Basar body was sacrificed as the
lamb,
he opened the door to eternal life for
himself,
in addition to the entire covenant family.
And then on Matsah,
when his nepesh soul carried our guilt
into Sheowl to make us innocent before God.
he was also carrying and offloading his
own.
The resolution that Yahowah had established
in the Towrah applied to the Bikuwr,
the firstborn son,
as well as to all other Bikuwrym,
firstborn children.
God didn't change the rules.
He simply applied them.
Then working with Do,
Yahowah enabled the benefits.
That is the reason
that Dowd would never die.
He is the first of firstborn children.
As a result of this pronouncement from
God,
the entire Christian New Testament must be
rejected.
Paul steals Dowd's titles and achievements
and offers them to the fraud that is
Jesus on the basis that the king was
dead and buried.
But that is not true.
While Dowd would live by the rules of
the Towrah,
many would die for opting out of its
guidance.
This process would begin with the product
of Dowd's gross impropriety.
The lesson was meant to scream,
I'll save you as my son when you
return to the script.
At that same time,
I will impress upon you what happens when
you write your own.
That notwithstanding,
because you spurned Yahowah,
showing contempt for him in such an
adversarial fashion with enmity and
rancor, with word and deed,
this child who is born to you
will absolutely die.
There would be no life as a result
of spurning Yahowah,
of showing contempt for him.
And God wanted to make that absolutely
clear to Dowd.
And as such, well,
this is the case with every soul.
conceived in impropriety, treachery,
and death.
It would have been inexcusable for Dowd to
cherish and reward the product of his
sordid affair, of his deadly behavior,
of his betrayal.
What they did was reprehensible.
It cannot be rewarded under any
circumstances.
And if Dowd did not receive this message
loud and clear,
we would all be as good as dead.
Now, if you say, well,
then if I'm extrapolating that,
then you would say that the child of
rape should die.
No, I'm not.
God doesn't know the rapist or the rape
victim in all likelihood.
It would be exceedingly rare for either of
them to be covenants since covenant has
included no one up to the previous
twenty-four years and now is one in a
million.
No, they're not.
Two people acting badly.
That child has every reason to live.
It's the child's fault.
but this was no ordinary man.
This is the chosen one.
This is the son of God.
This is the Messiah and the returning
king.
And for him, under those circumstances,
it was not appropriate.
And so if Dowd didn't receive the message
loud and clear, well,
we wouldn't be here.
God was uncompromising in this regard.
The king's introduction is sufficient to
tell us everything we need to know about
what follows.
This was what he wrote
Immediately after, God dressed him down.
He was angry.
He was depressed.
He was likely intoxicated,
drinking way too much wine.
He was thinking with the wrong head,
as they say.
He was out of his mind.
What I'm going to share with you now
is easily the most despicable song ever
written by someone.
who is familiar with Yahowah.
It will be hard to present this to
you.
And you're going to notice in this
throughout, I'm copying an attitude.
I am relentless.
I will say every step of the way,
what's wrong is wrong.
I'm not going to take Dowd's side.
Yahowah doesn't.
I won't.
Now, that said,
my wife and I do intervene.
This is one of the most important
interventions of all of human history.
I'm going to share the details of that
with you as we move through this process.
And it is an extraordinary finding in how
all of that occurs.
But at this moment,
we had not yet done so.
And we probably would not do so for
the next decade.
I think of the fourteen years between this
event and the end of Dowd's first of
three lives.
He just wallowed in misery.
It was one mistake after another.
I think it was during the last four
years of this existence and then first
four years of Solomon's reign when Solomon
took the throne.
He was only twelve years old.
He needed some parenting.
So this is before our intervention.
It begins.
To the Natsach, the enduring director,
the eternal conductor,
for the continuously supervised.
It's a Mizmowr, a song.
A psalm of Down.
When Nathan, giving,
The Naby prophet came to him regarding the
relationship upon him pursuing after
Bathsheba, promised daughter.
Pretty clear when this one was first
uttered.
So looking at this with older and wiser
eyes,
there is another pertinent way to
interpret the otherwise common la Natsach,
enduring director, introduction.
La Natsach can also convey that this was
written on behalf of the continually
supervised, not just the eternal director,
but it would be the eternal director
continually supervising
Dowd one way or another this would be
consistent with the eighty-ninth Mizmowr
where Yahowah admitted that he would be
constantly keeping watch on him it is also
the conclusion I drew from the last Mashal
the Amah and herbal will be serving in
this capacity and we have in the past
and I think we will do so for
at least the next
One thousand years,
the blink of an eye in your time.
So perhaps I'm prejudiced in this regard,
but.
I'm put off.
By anyone begging for forgiveness.
That's how religions work.
But not relationships.
Stop doing the things that irritate God
and then focus on what pleases them,
that's the solution.
Stop doing what irritates him and then
start doing what pleases him.
Simple.
Don't beg for forgiveness.
God has delineated the path to him.
Follow the path.
Listen to what he says.
Act upon it.
It's real simple.
He is not going to do something special
for you.
You could beg until you're blue in the
face,
and all it's going to do is irritate
him.
He delineated a specific process to earn
his trust and to become part of his
covenant family.
Follow it, accept it, acknowledge it,
agree with it, or don't.
But don't pretend that God's going to make
an exception for you, because he's not.
And that even includes Down.
God's consistent.
He's dependable.
He laid out the plan.
Either accept the plan or don't.
But don't beg God to change it just
because you want him to.
Come to grips with what went wrong and
clear away the obstacles that led to the
misadventure.
Show that you have learned from the
mistake.
by commencing corrective action.
Sharpen your resolve and immediately
re-engage in a productive way,
better equipped and more resolute.
I tell every friend that I've ever known
who is going through an...
depressing depressing circumstance where
they think that the world has collapsed
around them and they don't see any way
out and woe is me and you know
I just wish I wasn't even alive and
they they just wallow in it and I
said good grief man stop it get out
of yourself
The solution to depression is always the
same.
Get out of your stealth.
Stop doing what brought you into that
situation and start doing things that are
worthwhile.
Focus on helping somebody else accomplish
something worthwhile.
Make your life count.
The moment you stop wallowing in misery
and start acting in a way that is
appropriate, that is conducive,
and beneficial to others,
your solution is before you.
Your problem is solved.
So, sharpen your resolve,
re-engage in a productive way,
always better equipped, more resolute,
having been toughened up by having fallen
and proving that you can get back up
and go again.
Turn the failure into an opportunity to
rise above it.
Stop wallowing in self-pity.
Simply foreclose on the ensuing depression
by turning your failure into a teaching
opportunity so that you and others learn
the lesson and don't make a similar
mistake.
You're not the first person that failed.
You're not the first person that's been
disappointed.
Get over yourself.
Prove to yourself, to those who know you,
and to Yahowah,
that you can stop being annoying and that
you can get up and get going,
lifting the tide rather than riding it out
to sea.
It really all gets back to Eden.
and to Adam.
He climbed up in the tree and tried
to hide within it rather than disengaging
from that which was opposed to Yahowah's
instructions.
He begged for clemency by failing to be
accountable.
He not only failed to cease irritating God
and failed to learn anything from his poor
judgment,
There was no attempt at all to improve,
to get out of his own head and
to do something that showed Yahowah that he
could be trusted.
Dowd was in the woe is me phase,
begging for forgiveness rather than doing
the things to earn it.
If I've hurt your little feelings,
I'm not sorry.
This is a life lesson that would serve
all of those on antidepressant medicines.
Stop depending on chemicals.
Stop depending on the psychiatrist.
Stop wallowing in your pity.
Stop being miserable.
Do something worthwhile.
You should choose to be merciful to me.
He said, you should choose to be merciful.
You should want to pity me while electing
to favor me because it's imperative that
you remain inclined toward me.
chanan any',
you want to be kind to me because
it is essential that you show me some
compassion.
Call imperative, second person,
masculine singular.
Elohim, God,
in the manner of your loyal love,
your unfailing kindness and deep devotion,
your unwavering favoritism,
and consistent with your compassion and
tender affection.
You must,
or at the very least you should want
to,
Blot out and wipe away my pesha,
my rebellion and revolting defiance as I
breached the agreement.
My hostile stance,
my indignance and mutinous insurgency as I
reneged on my commitment and I rejected
our alliance.
Psalm fifty one one.
Dowd, at his best, is a master linguist.
He uses the Hebrew language with great
aplomb,
particularly when it comes to moods.
And for those who do not know,
Hebrew is unique in that there are three
volitional moods in the Hebrew language.
The cohortative speaks of first-person
volition.
I want you to forgive me.
I want you to be inclined favorably to
me.
If he had said that, that's fine.
Wouldn't have mattered, but it's still,
it would have been fine.
First-person expression of volition,
the cohortative, that's not what this was.
It was written in the imperative.
The imperative can be,
as the name suggests, a command.
I'm ordering you, commanding you,
demanding that you are merciful to me.
Yeah, that's not going to work with God.
The imperative move is often used as a
hypothetical with a possibility.
Maybe you should consider...
even though the odds are not likely or
great, that you should treat me favorably.
That's not good either, is it?
And I'm here to tell you that while
there are times when you can project on
Yahowah his will, you can say, Yahowah,
I know this is what you want to
do.
Because you've said so.
And so you can project second-person
volition on God,
but doing so in this circumstance and
saying,
you need to do this because of who
you are, when I've been a jerk, no.
So I want you to know that that's
why I wrote this as I did.
You should choose to be merciful to me.
The imperative as volitional,
the second person, wanting to pity me,
same.
While electing to favor me.
Because it's imperative.
That you remain inclined to me.
Or at least.
Demonstrate that possibility.
And he says.
Elohim.
God.
No problem using the title Elohim.
On occasion.
But not.
In an opening request.
Not if you're projecting.
Your.
impressions of what God should want on
him.
He has a name.
Dowd knows it.
Dowd uses it more frequently than anybody
else.
In this, the fifty-first Mizmowr,
it's the only one where Dowd never
mentions Yahowah's name.
He is so full of himself, so lost,
so depressed,
so embarrassed that
He won't even say Yahowah's name.
It's Elohim.
And that won't change all the way through.
And then he is projecting all of this
based upon what Yahowah will want to do
or must do,
even though it's Dowd's Pasha rebellion,
revolting defiance,
because he's the one that breached the
agreement.
So as I've said,
when it comes to the imperative mood,
we have three options.
It is either being used to issue a
mandate, like a command,
stating something that you are demanding,
stating that which is imperative.
It can be an indication of the will
of the individual being dressed,
or it can be a hypothetical.
saying that there is the mere possibility,
even though it's not a likelihood,
that you're going to do this, that,
or the other thing.
However, in this case,
all three approaches are not only wrong,
they miss the point.
It's Dowd who wants Yahowah to forgive and
forget.
To express that sentiment,
he should have conveyed his plea in the
cohortative mood,
conveying first-person volition, his will.
God has clearly stated his position on
this,
which is that he is exceedingly
disappointed.
He is disgusted.
And that there would be no ongoing or
immediate remedy,
that the remedy was Passover a thousand
years from now.
And that the consequence to Dowd and to
his people would be severe.
He's pronounced judgment.
He's not going to say, oh, well,
let's just forget about that.
I didn't really mean what I said.
No,
a God who forgives those who beg for
it,
it bears no resemblance to the God of
the Towrah.
A God whose will is bent by the
demands of men is a religious construct.
You might like the way that sounds,
but it's repulsive to the real God.
Yahowah's not all loving,
nor is he always kind and merciful.
You know,
I saw the big billboard at the Super
Bowl halftime that, you know,
that love is the only thing that is
more powerful than hate.
And it conveys a largely inaccurate
message.
To love one must hate.
It's true.
Hate is a virtue.
You need to know who to hate,
why to hate, when to hate.
And if you don't,
then you really can't be loving.
It is essential that we hate what Doe
did.
Murder.
Rape.
He had become an alcoholic.
He was...
compromising everyone.
He was leading an exceedingly deceptive
plot.
He was forsaking his responsibility as a
leader of his people.
We ought to despise that.
The consequences were grievous.
We ought to hate rape and rapists,
incest and those who perpetrated,
pedophilia and pedophiles.
We ought to hate those things.
We ought to hate mass murderers,
terrorists.
If you don't hate those things that
inspire universal bad behavior,
like jihad, Islamic terrorism,
then you're being merciless to the
innocent.
You're not being compassionate to them.
And that's why Yahowah's not all loving.
He can't be and to be loving at
all.
If you're all loving,
you're just fooling everyone.
Because to love,
you must hate that which is threatening to
those you do love.
And if we were all loving,
there would be no purpose to life,
no rules to live by,
no guidance to gain from,
no lessons to learn.
We can choose to learn and to do
the will of God,
but we cannot impose our will on him.
We do well to follow his advice and
embarrass ourselves when we offload our
counsel and requests on him.
It's very seldom that I will say, God,
you need to give me this.
I want that.
I don't have something or other.
Occasionally I'll say, you know,
I don't get this.
I would really appreciate it.
Maybe if you'd lead me in the right
direction, I can figure this out.
Yeah, I need a little help here.
or when things go awry in the midst
of carrying out our mission.
And, you know,
I know he wants us to do a
good job of conveying his testimony at
this time.
And something's come up that's making it
very difficult.
I'll come to him and say,
I don't know the answer to this one.
Help me.
I'm sure you've written about it.
Tell me where you've written about it,
and I'll go translate it and try to
understand it.
But I'm not telling God to give me
something that he's already committed to
doing.
Never ask God once to save me.
It's superfluous.
I want to do this job well,
and I know the result of that.
He laid out the terms and conditions of
our being part of the covenant family,
and I have met them.
That means that it's a fait accompli.
Why ask for that which he's already
committed to doing?
So in my view,
just because our king had become pitiful
did not mean that he engendered pity.
Having shown none,
He was currently the last person on the
planet deserving compassion.
Now I want you to think that through.
God had just affirmed what I have told
you.
He said, because you showed no compassion,
this is the consequence.
So here's a man who had shown no
compassion for anybody.
And now he was begging for compassion.
That's revolting.
That's pathetic.
So having shown none,
he was the last person on the planet
deserving of it.
And to beg God for it is pitiful.
I'm telling you, I love my king.
And indeed my surrogate son.
And I will lay down my life for
him.
Because I know the good outweighs the bad.
The right triumphs over the wrong.
But I'm going to be forthright because
it's in his interest and yours to know
when he's wrong.
And I'm here to tell you that what
I'm telling you now,
I told him emphatically.
So since God shared this with us,
since Dowd wrote these words,
we're going to have a confrontation here
now, and I'm not backing down.
And by the way,
he wouldn't respect me if I did.
So the only thing in that opening
statement that Dowd got right was Pesha.
He had breached the agreement.
He had overtly rebelled against Yahowah.
His behavior was indignant.
It was treasonous.
It was mutinous.
But it wasn't all in the past.
He was still laying with Bathsheba.
He was pining over the product of their
treasonous and appalling behavior.
He was lounging around all day feeling
sorry for himself.
It was so bad.
Dowd couldn't even say Yahowah's name.
So let's be clear,
since our king's mind was muddled.
Yahowah's chanan,
desire to be kind and supportive,
wasn't on trial.
He had not changed.
While he wanted to show favoritism,
it was Dowd who was precluding it.
Yo had been extraordinarily Chesed,
loving and kind to Dowd.
And he would be again after the
intervention of the Amah and her Ba'al, Yada.
And if it were not for his commitment
to this Chesed, beneficial relationship,
Dowd would be dead.
The fact he is still alive and the
promise that he would never die is tribute
to the fact that Yahowah remained Chesed,
deeply devoted to his wayward son in
recognition that they would accomplish
something extraordinary together.
And that that would occur following the
intervention that begins in the last
Mashal.
and concludes in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
Having not yet met with Leia and Yada,
Node was confused.
He believed that Elohim had some kind of
a magic wand, a super sponge,
to blot out and wipe away rebellious
episodes.
But that is not how it works.
a lesson he would learn and then
facilitate in due time.
Rather than blotting out and scrubbing
away our guilt,
it is bundled up and discharged.
It's taken from us and deposited in Sheowl,
never to be seen again.
Yahowah's mashal solution renders us not
guilty.
rather than temporarily bathed and
disinfected.
There is no sanitizer for ongoing
rebellion and there is no divine bathtub.
We do not dictate terms to God and
we accept his rules or we write ourselves
out of his will.
Dowd's response to God
Imposing consequences on him was almost as
bad as had been his behavior that led
to his current plight.
I think worse.
He said, it is imperative.
that you choose to intensely,
and to the full extent of your ability,
provide many ongoing, this is harbeh,
you must be sufficiently great to want to
offer numerous and multiplied, hifil,
imperative second person masculine
singular, laundry services for me,
where you are compelled to express your
desire to wash me.
You are commanded to want to cleanse and
bathe me, also in the imperative mood,
of my Awon,
my punitive consequence of my perversions
and my corruptions for having bent and
twisted the truth.
of my guilt for having distorted what is
right becoming wrong.
And from chata'ath,
my misleading ways and for having gone
astray from me missing the way,
forfeiting the relationship and bearing
the loss of being wrong for me having
led others astray.
Well, at this point,
we have the three of the four.
words that are used in Hebrew,
and there's seven if you consider the
variations of ra, ra'ah, ra'ah.
But those just laid down the gauntlet and
said, yep, I've got Awon,
I've got chata'ath,
and as a result of my pesha,
my Awon, my chata'ath, well,
you're compelled
to provide ongoing laundry services.
It's imperative that you express your
desire to wash me.
You must cleanse me because you want to
restore me,
making me all bright and shiny again.
taher, any',
it is imperative that your will become to
purify me,
brightening me to a sky blue color.
Imperative, imperative, imperative,
imperative, imperative.
Mizmowr song, Psalm.
Wow.
He's got a brass set of cojones to
say that to y'all.
Yeah, I don't think that is the...
I don't think that's the way I would
phrase it.
I understand that it takes some courage to
tell God what he must do.
I think it's the alcohol speaking.
I think it's the depression screaming.
I think it's the guilt raging.
I love you.
We have as relaxed and personal a
relationship as two people,
God and a person, could possibly have.
I don't put him on a pedestal.
He is my dad,
but he's also my boss.
I fully respect that he is infinitely
brighter than I am and better than I
am in everything.
But I know what he wants to accomplish,
and I know that he chooses to work
through people.
And, you know,
I guess I was the only volunteer.
And so we're committed to doing this thing
together.
And there are a couple of times where
I've gotten, God, God,
why would you allow this to happen?
This is really frustrating.
But I will guarantee you,
I have never used the imperative mood.
I wouldn't even think of it.
So our king was telling God to provide
maid services as if running a laundromat
for perverted souls.
I'm not going to pretty it up.
That's what he said.
He was even dictating terms because the
compelled laundry services would be
ongoing, numerous, intense,
and done with a smile.
A happy ending.
He was telling God he was going to
do it and he'd like it.
Those who are one to claim that everything
a prophet says must be true are oblivious
to the obvious.
I've tried to make this point before,
and I've had all manner of pushback.
Now, stop it.
Dowd was wrong.
This is written in the fifty-first Psalm.
He was wrong.
And God had told himself and soon so
would lay on yada.
Now with every verb in the imperative
mood,
though it is either issuing commands to
God or he is dictating the will of
God,
or he is issuing a hypothetical all wrong.
Well, this should never have been spoken.
The only way at least it was,
I can't even say honest.
The only way it was,
I can't even see appropriately spoken.
But if it had been expressed in the
cohortative, at least he would be saying,
this is what I want.
Now, should you be curious,
the king used the call stem twice,
admitting that there was nothing nuanced
in his demand.
He deployed the hifil stem to say that
God had to treat him as an extension
of himself, routinely doing this for him.
Then the last two verbs were rendered in
the peel,
which is to say that Dowd would be
the one to receive the benefit.
And in fact,
all of this has pertained to Dowd.
The king isn't the least bit concerned.
about those whose lives he has ruined.
Make no mistake,
this isn't just about lustful killing.
By rebelling against God and extinguishing
the light of Yahowah over the titillation
of adding an additional woman to his
harem,
Don't open the door that I have spent
the last two decades trying to close.
So you will have to overlook the fact
that I'm upset.
I have invested ten years of my life
closing the door that he opened through
this horrible behavior and subsequent
rant.
Why?
Because Doe disqualified himself from
being seen as the son of God,
as the chosen one, as the Messiah,
as the returning king,
and especially as our savior.
He trashed every wonderful thing Yahowah
had to say about him and that Yahowah
had promised to do with him,
leaving God hanging and distraught.
Dowd had become a dishonorable son,
a bad husband, a worse father,
a derelict defender of his people,
a gluttonous king, a corrupt person,
and a horrendous example.
The consequence wasn't just unraveling of
Yisrael and the torment of continuous
death and destruction of his people,
which he didn't give a damn about at
the time.
Yahowah says, because you have done this,
Israel will never lay down the sword.
It will be harassed.
for a very long time.
He didn't give a damn.
He didn't ask for the defense of his
people.
He said, me, me, me,
take care of me.
He wasn't trying to save anybody but
himself.
It's despicable.
The consequence wasn't just the unraveling
of Yisrael.
Because as a result of this sordid affair,
Dowd made it easy.
He made it inevitable for the Twistians
and then the rabbis to renounce and to
replace him.
He had fallen and failed to recover at
this time.
And there would be no way to substitute.
Had he not done so?
I'm just telling you.
Had Dowd not made an absolute fool of
himself,
and he had not been despicable in every
possible way,
had he not fallen and failed to recover
at this time,
there would have been no way to substitute
Jesus or Bar Kokhba as replacement messiahs.
The unrelenting demonization and resulting
religion of Christianity,
the betrayal of Jews by Judaism,
and the resulting rabbinical Talmudic
curse of Islam would never have occurred.
There would have been no diaspora.
There would have been no Holocaust.
And Yahowah knew it,
which is why he was so distraught.
I want you to think that through.
Because Dowd did this thing,
knowing better,
and then dug himself in even deeper.
Everyone who has read this story
recognized that he disqualified himself
for every favorable thing that God had
said about him,
and that he left the religious wide open
for a replacement Messiah, a better one,
a new son of God, a better one,
an entirely different savior.
And the consequence for Jews,
for Yahuwdym and Israelites,
and for the world of Gowym,
who would be lured away from God by
those false messiahs,
Devastating.
Billions and billions and billions of
people would die because of what he did.
And now he was begging for personal
forgiveness.
Selfishly,
I have a dog in this fight because
I was asked to devote better part of
a decade
twelve to fourteen hours a day,
six to seven days a week,
cleaning up the mess that Dowd had made.
Explains why Yahowah was so eager to have
me repudiate Islam,
Christianity and Judaism, comprising,
you know,
a third of the total books I have
written in the Yada Yahowah series were
composed to clean up this mess.
five volumes of twistianity,
five volumes of goddamn religion,
three volumes of Babel,
all to clean up the mess that became
inevitable because of what Dowd did.
So yeah,
I've got some skin in the game here.
The serious advocates of these religions
all know what Dowd did,
and they readily justify the imposition of
their counterfeit messiahs
as necessary improvements.
And that's what we have to do with
this.
Rabbinical Judaism spices out.
They deny him as the Messiah.
They deny him as the son of God.
They deny him as their savior.
They don't deny him as the returning King.
Why?
Because of this.
As for God,
Dowd put Yahowah in a terrible situation.
If he failed to confront Dowd's Ra, Pasha,
Awon, and chata'ath,
it's patently obvious that the king would
have continued to act inappropriately and
try to cover his tracks.
he would never,
ever have dealt with his departure from
Yahowah and his Towrah.
He never would have reengaged.
Negating any possibility of fulfilling the
Mowedym,
there would be no serving mankind or
saving humankind.
But by having done so,
by overtly exposing and censuring his son,
He gave the religious the rope to hang
him.
And they did.
As for God,
he did what came naturally to him.
He confronted the problem head on.
He excoriated his son.
He remained true to his word.
and thus consistent.
And then he went about resolving the issue
his way.
After full disclosure and open refutation,
he deployed his ‘Amah and her Baal,
Leah and Yada to represent him.
And now after considering my wife's
advice,
you are reading
And listening to.
My rebuke.
But please.
I know this is harsh.
But I want you to keep in mind.
And the way that God has positioned lay
on myself.
He is our son too.
He stumbled and fell.
But prior to that,
the fact is he outperformed all of us.
And after our intervention,
he would do so again.
He persistently contributed at an
exceptional level for forty eight years
prior to this implosion.
It's the most difficult job on Earth.
Yahowah tried it and didn't succeed.
Moshe tried it and begged God to kill
him.
It was so hard.
None of the prophets succeeded.
None of them.
This is the hardest job on earth to
be in the spotlight that God says,
you're my chosen implement to convey my
message to a world that doesn't want to
hear from Yahowah who despises him.
There is no job more difficult.
Dowd did it for forty eight years.
prior to this implosion,
and we need to keep that in mind.
And more importantly,
after our intervention,
he fulfilled Pesach Matsah Bikuwrym,
the toughest mission ever.
Dowd more than made up for her failures
because he fulfilled Chag Matsah.
Once he came to recognize
who he was, what he represented,
and what lay before him in his second
and third lives.
He more than manned up,
but at this point he did not know
any of those things.
I was wrong when I told you that
Dowd figured it out because I did.
I told him.
He completed the most physically,
mentally,
An emotionally demanding mission in human
history,
ultimately justifying every accolade and
title.
Do you know why I could tell him
he was going to sacrifice his body being
crucified by the Romans and then go into
hell for a heavenly cause?
Because I would make the same sacrifice.
I could look him in the eye and
say, you're not the only one.
Me too.
And I'm doing mine for you.
He had done something horrible,
but had he not recovered and reestablished
trust with the Yahowah,
which was the purpose of our intervention,
none of us would be here to listen
to any of this.
Capisce?
So I'm in a position where I can
scold him based upon what he did,
based upon what he said.
But no one else has.
I've earned this right.
I've earned this responsibility.
It is my responsibility.
I'm not going to shirk my responsibility.
But anybody else that wants to criticize
him ought to be careful.
Because he is God's beloved.
Because he invested forty eight years in
the spotlight,
doing the most impossible job in the
world.
And then in his second of three lives,
he allowed the Romans to crucify him to
fulfill Passover.
And then he carried our guilt into hell.
To save us.
So don't go there.
Know that it happened.
Know that it was resolved.
Know that with this appointment of this
job and twenty-four years already
invested,
thirty-two by the time that Doug returns,
and eight before I was born into this
life,
I have been given this responsibility and
I'm not going to shirk it.
So yes,
I am openly and aggressively criticizing
the king, Dowd.
As did Yahowah.
But I'm doing so because I love him.
I would grow to respect him.
I have a bromance with my son.
I know how much
He ultimately means to me, to you,
and to God.
I know he got up and got going
in the most amazing way.
So I have no issue when we're through
this, restoring his luster,
burnishing his resume and reestablishing
his reputation.
And you're going to see that again,
as I present to you the hundred and
sixteenth Ms.
Moore after this,
and then I'm gonna present the
eighty-ninth from an entirely different
perspective.
And it serves as undeniable proof.
But we're not there yet.
So continuing with our lesson here and
now, there are four Hebrew words,
six if you consider their derivations,
that are commonly, albeit inappropriately,
rendered as sem.
Three of those were spoken by Yahowah in
his dressing down of Dowd.
They are Ra,
evil neighbor and malcontent countryman.
Ra'a,
evil individual promoting that which is
wrong.
And Ra'ah with the hay,
misleading and malignant shepherd.
To these, Dowd has added Pesha.
rebellion and revolting defiance by
breaching the agreement.
Awon,
the punitive consequence of perversions
and corruptions for having bent and
twisted to the truth.
And chata'ath,
misleading ways and for having gone
astray.
Now that we have defined the terms,
dote is announcing that he is actually
aware and continually cognizant of his
pesha of his violation of the agreement
and breach of trust for having shown
contempt for the word of god however there
was no quick fix no magic wand no
miracle mop to clean up the mess he
had made his follow-on statement is
heartbreaking
the fact that he has chata'ath,
forfeited the relationship,
for having led so many astray,
Nagyd tamyd,
now defines who he has become, past,
present,
and at least for some time into the
future.
Indeed, I myself
am actually and continually cognizant of,
'any yada,
I am genuinely and habitually aware of and
familiar with, call, imperfect, my pesha,
my rebellion,
and revolting defiance for breaching the
agreement and violating the trust.
My misleading ways for having gone astray
are conspicuously before me.
They're beside me, all around me,
closely corresponding to me because they
continually proclaim what I have become.
They remain in plain sight right in front
of me.
ahead of me and trailing me and clearly
and constantly announcing and expounding
upon who I have presently become.
Ms.
Moore, Psalm.
Fifty-one, three.
With Nagyd tamyd,
Dowd has begun to see himself as the
religious have positioned him.
as too errant,
too immoral to be perceived as right.
His notoriety precedes him,
announcing who he had become long before
his arrival.
The problem wasn't going away,
and things were going to get much worse
before they would improve.
But at least he had begun to yada.
Now,
I would be remiss if I didn't reveal
that Tamyd continually, persistently,
perpetually is just one letter away from
Tamym.
The word misrepresented as perfect,
without defect, unblemished, innocent,
and blameless.
This correlation between these words
becomes even closer when we realize that
the YM suffix on tamym makes tam a
plural adjective,
and tamyd continuing to be persistent,
and tamym,
the word errantly rendered perfect,
share the same actionable root, tamam.
And therein is one of life's great
lessons.
Yahowah is not seeking perfection as it
would serve no purpose and it would be
tragically counterproductive.
If we were perfect,
there would be nothing to learn
no way to grow,
no opportunity for improvement,
no capacity for us to be unique or
interesting.
God wasn't expecting or even desirous of
perfection from Dowd or from any other man
or woman.
In fact,
we're all better off when we make mistakes
and stumble,
when we fall because we can learn from
them.
We can get up and demonstrate our resolve.
forging our character along the way.
Therefore, tamam and its derivatives,
tamyd and tamym,
speak of having the fortitude to finish
the job.
Life is a test,
and the passing grade is demonstrating
that we're eager to be perceptive,
reflective, responsive, and reliable.
Listen, learn, engage,
and then continue until the job is done.
This is what the religious miss when they
justify creating false messiahs to replace
the imperfect one God is ultimately
endorsing.
He knows what they miss.
Dowd fulfilled his mission.
He completed the most difficult and
demanding challenge that any man has ever
faced.
He endured crucifixion to open the door to
life on Pesach,
and he went into hell on Matsah to
remove his guilt and ours.
Therefore,
my critique of him is because I, too,
have a job to complete.
And it includes reestablishing Dowd's
relationship with the Yahowah and then
restoring his reputation with his people
because only then is the job complete.
And in the present moment,
prior to our intervention,
the king simply doubled down on Chata.
going away and becoming misleading by
using the verbal route.
And then Dowd would add a dose of
raw evil ineptitude into the mix.
But I think I've said enough for today.
I'm going to conclude this program at this
point.
And we're going to pick this back up
after an hour and fifteen minutes
tomorrow.
I am in one breath sad that I
have to expose my beloved son and our
King in this way.
And I am in the next honored to
tell you he got back up,
that our intervention prevailed.
And that he reestablished himself as the
chosen one, as the anointed Messiah,
as the son of God, our savior,
then returning King.
And I want you to celebrate him as
such.
Thank you for listening.